Create 1st sparse summit stub (#280)
scientific-python/scientific-python.org: content/summits/_index.md

---
title: "Summits"
date: 2022-08-04
---

The developer summits address topics of interest across several packages (e.g.,
sparse arrays, benchmarking, packaging, teaching, specific science domains).
The summits are recorded and shared on our youtube channel under the
[“Developer Discussions” playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7rNFJDy0iz5GGSmRQNMO-qF6PUG3YsQx).

> To discuss upcoming summits or suggest potential summit topics, see our [discussion forum](https://discuss.scientific-python.org/c/summits/27).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To discuss upcoming summits or suggest potential summit topics, see the [summits category in the discussion forum](https://discuss.scientific-python.org/c/summits/27).
```

Minor suggestion, feel free to ignore
